# Lecture 7 Source Code

Examples are organised into distinct subdirectories. Where necessary,
READMEs in those subdirectories provide further details of the examples
and how to compile them.

Use the following commands, within an example subdirectory, to build an
example (unless directed otherwise by a README for that example):

    mkdir build && cd build
    cmake ..
    cmake --build .

On systems where CMake has generated a makefile, you can replace the
last of the above commands with `make`.

The executable generated by this process will have the same name as the
example subdirectory.

## Exercises

`nested`
: Code for the 'nested layout' exercise done in the lecture.

## Widget Examples

`browser`
: Example of browsing HTML documents using `QTextBrowser`.

`button`
: Basic example of creating & configuring `QPushButton`.

`checkbox`
: Example of creating & configuring groups of checkboxes using `QCheckBox`,

`combo`
: Example of creating a drop-down combobox.

`gif`
: Example of embedding a GIF animation in a `QLabel`.

`imgview`
: A simple image viewing application, using `QLabel` & `QScrollArea`.

`label`
: Example of creating & configuring `QLabel`.

`msgbox`
: Example of using a custom `QMessageBox`.

`number`
: Example of creating & configuring `QLCDNumber` for numeric display.

`pixmap`
: Example of using an image (in the form of a `QPixmap`) in a `QLabel`.

`radio`
: Example of creating & configuration groups of radio buttons.

`slider`
: Example of using `QSlider` for numeric input via a slider.

`spinbox`
: Example of using `QSpinBox` for numeric input via a spinbox.

`textfield`
: Example of using `QLineEdit` for input of text.

## Layout Examples

`form`
: Example of efficient layout of labels and associated data entry widgets
using `QFormLayout` (compare with `grid`).

`grid`
: Example of laying out labels and associated data entry widgets using
`QGridLayout` (compare with `form`).

`tabs`
: Example of a tabbed layout using `QTabWidget`.
